It was an ordinary day for Trodus. The sky was overcast, and just starting to rain. A gentle breeze brought a few drops inside his tent, but it was no worry. In the far distance, Allyon shown with a dim light, everyone inside and lighting their candles as the rain picked up. Trodus thought of his distant cousin, who would at this time certainly be playing in the rain. It was because of her that Trodus was visiting-her adoptive family having lost the ability to care for her, having no other choice, wrote to Trodus.

Trodus wasn't too worried, however. While he wasn't too close to retiring, he was in need of an apprentice. While his cousin could have quite the temper, she seemed to have an aptitude for knowledge. Trodus was sure he could teach her his craft. While he was confident, he was also blinded by his ideals, and often failed to see what was right in front of him.

While lost in thought, Trodus didn't notice the acceleration of the rain, the speed of the winds, nor the darkening of the clouds. Even as branches were ripped off of trees, Trodus still focused on his imagination. However, what did stir Trodus was the winking out of lights in Allyon. One by one, candle by candle, Allyon slowly went dark till only a few sparse lights remained. Trodus grabbed his backpack and started to run. He knew his cousin would have been outside playing now, and he felt that for some reason she was in danger. He cast a spell, trying to make haste to the town. From the sky, the rains continued to pour, as if Aeros herself was crying in sorrow. Trodus knew not how close that was to reality. A dark flash lit the world, and Trodus saw no more.

# Two Weeks Later...

Edia woke, hungry as usual. For the past few days, she's been living on her own, trying to find what meager scraps of food she could and seeking shelter from the elements. While over the past weeks, while the Rain was mostly light, there were a few days when Edia could not find sleep due to the bombardment of rain. She was cast out by her family after her cousin failed to find her. While she considered trying to find someone out of town to take her in, the Raid seemed so much worse out of town-she could not even see the windmill that once was on the horizon. On some days, she couldn't even tell where the ground ended and the sky began.

Eventually, she had no choice. Slipping a farewell note to the one person she trusted, Edia left town in them midst of the night. Fueled by her hunger, she did not stop until she could barely see the town on the horizon. Looking ahead, the storm seemed to continue, the rain and the sky and the ground mixing into a dark void. It was here that she could push herself no further. With regret, she took a tent out of her backpack and resigned herself to rest for the night, still hungry. Right on the edge of consciousness, Edia embraced the dark flash that filled her vision.

. . . Trodus and Edia woke, facing eachother. They were nowhere near Allyon, but regardless were overjoyed to see eachother again. They reached for eachother, happy at last. A warm feeling was near, as if everything was alright. Your hardship is over. Let go, and move on, it seemed to say. Trodus and Edia embraced the light together, and departed for the afterlife.
